Noble Consort De
In the future, you can reside peacefully in the Yao Hua Palace.
If you have any complaints, let the old servant know.
Certainly.
With Wang Mo Mo here,
Yao Hua Palace is elegant and refined.
I like it very much.
Then the old servant will return to report.
Wang Mo Mo, take care.
This shabby palace
is nothing compared to the Xianfu Palace.
Don’t worry, my lady.
This is just the beginning.
Forgive me.
Thank you for your grace, my lady.
Oh no,
I should thank the Empress Dowager for her grace.
Stop the flattery.
Noble Consort De,
Consort Lin requests to see you.
Let her in.
I pay my respects,
Noble Consort De.
May the Noble Consort have long life. Please, rise.
Oh, your nails look beautiful, elder sister.
Yes, they’re dyed.
Don’t worry about it.
The matter of Noble Consort De is unexpected.
I only learned of it today.
You’re not angry with me, are you?
No, not at all.
Don’t worry about it.
In the previous life, Noble Consort De did not appear.
I don’t know her background.
I hope she is a good person.
That’s good.
In the previous life, Noble Consort De never entered the palace.
I need to investigate thoroughly.
Do you have any matters to deal with tonight, Your Majesty?
I do have some matters to attend to.
You should rest well.
I will visit you later.
Biyue, Biyue,
I went through a lot of trouble to get this.